 	The second enhancement started off with the program from enhancement one. Enhancement one was to convert the final project from IT 145 into Python, which was an authentication system for zoo application. The user was given the opportunity to enter a username and password, and these credentials were matched against a file list. The passwords were stored and compared in MD5, message digest, hash form for more security. The user was limited to three failed logins before the program was exited, and if they authenticated correctly, they were given access to a file based on their role. I chose this project because it was one of my early projects and I thought is was a great opportunity to show the evolution of my programming skills and mastering of best practices and the SDLC, software development lifecycle. When I was reviewing my previous projects, this one stood out to me as needing a lot of enhancement to be a viable application. I have since become proficient at using methods to divide up functionality and using lists to minimize numerous related variables. I have also studied cybersecurity and understand the need for application hardening to mitigate attacks. I was honestly stunned that this was my project because it was hard to follow and was incredibly vulnerable to attack and felt as this was an opportunity to go back and make it right. It also gave me an opportunity to put cybersecurity and testing practices into play because I could look at the program from the view of someone trying to break the code and prevent it. 
	Enhancement two was about application hardening security by putting in limitations and error handling. The first thing that I wanted to tackle was the inputs because of buffer overflow attacks. Buffer overflow is a security exploit where an input or process tries to write in more data to a buffer, or block of memory, than it is designed to handle, and it overwrites the adjacent memory (TestOut, 2019). This can cause unwanted actions, application failure, or even allowing an attacker to gain unauthorized access over a system (TestOut, 2019). The inputs for the authentication were the username and the user password. I used a while loop to force the input to be reentered if the value of username exceeded ten characters, and a compound while loop to force another entry if the user password was less than four characters or more than ten. I created the compound requirements for the password for minimum password security. A four-character alphanumeric password is on the short side; however, it would still take more computing power and time than an average hacker would be willing to take to brute force attack the password. Since the time to brute force attack increases exponentially as the number of characters increases, I felt as if anything less than four characters would be too insecure to be used. A zoo that would be using the application can implement tighter security measures and this minimum value can be easily changed. The other security weaknesses that I found with the program involved the lack of error handling. The biggest concern with improper error handling is an application fails into an open state, which means that an attacker can use the access granted by the application to form unauthorized tasks. Improper error handling can also cause a loss of availability attack if an attacker uses the vulnerability to crash the application and shut down the system (TestOut, 2019). I went throughout the program and contained all my menu options and methods inside try/except commands. The try command runs the block of code nested inside and if it doesn’t not successfully complete, the program will fail into the except block. Within the except block was a print statement that provided the user with quick feedback as to why the program failed, such as an error occurred during menu selection. This feedback could be provided from the end user to the developers if a problem persists and guide the developer in locating the issue. There were a couple sections in my original program that used numerous if statements nested within a while loop that could have potentially caused an infinite loop or caused the application to fail. As with the lack of error handling having the potential to fail open, this is a security concern as well as a functional one if the program were to go into an infinite loop. I changed these up to use a combination of if/elif/else statements so that there was always a default selection. This way the program would continue to function properly, and the user can easily recover it. This was unrelated to security, but I decided that original program had too limited of a scope of different types of employees, so I added a couple additional methods with new job types and added a couple test employees to the list. 
	I met all the enhancement requirements that I set out to complete for this milestone. I didn’t run into any major issues completing this enhancement; however, I did face some small challenges. This first one is proper indenting. Since the indenting on Python matters to the functionality of the code, when I added try/except lines to each of the methods and had to shift all of the code over, I had to pay close attention to the indenting and make sure it was correct. When I was testing the length of the input to make sure it was within the parameters, I couldn’t get the count feature to work. I researched it and couldn’t find any suggestions on why I was getting my errors. When I reviewed my Python class notes, I found a spreadsheet that I had made with all the commands. As I looked through them, I realized that Python used the len command instead of the count for what I was trying to do and changing the while parameter to use len instead of count fixed that issue. It didn’t take me long to figure out, but I did run into an issue when I attempted to test my two new employees that had the two new job titles. The program had a bug that prevented it from selecting the correct job type and thus call the correct job method because I forgot to change the number of employees in the variable. It took me less than 15 minutes to figure this out and correct the code to fix this bug. This project was a great opportunity to implement security practices that I learned in cybersecurity class by going through the application and trying to come up with anyway that a potential attacker can break my program. Putting myself in the point of view of the attacker and trying to determine what I would attack was a productive way to also practice quality control because a tester has the job of trying to determine how to break the code. It gave me a chance to learn to work with try/except commands, something that I previously had little experience in. 
	In the feedback for this enhancement, I would appreciate feedback on my chosen limitations and error handling, and advice on any other hardening that would be recommended for this application. I went through the application and added in everything that I could think of, but I can’t help but think that there is more hardening that could be done to improve on it even more.

References
TestOut. (2019). TestOut Security Pro. Retrieved from https://www.testout.com/
